1 The Tinder Swindler
Posing as a wealthy, jet-setting diamond mogul, an Israeli conman wooed women online then conned them out of millions of dollars. Now some victims plan for payback.
Documentary Crime

2 Bigbug
Humans have ceded most tasks to AI in 2045, even in nostalgic Alice's home. So when robots stage a coup, her androids protectively lock her doors.
Science Fiction Sci-Fi Comedy

3 Tall Girl 2
After Jodi Kreyman gains popularity, her miscommunications start causing rifts with those around her and now she really needs to stand tall.
Comedy Teens

4 Through My Window
Raquel's longtime crush on her next-door neighbor turns into something more when he starts developing feelings for her, despite his family's objections.
Comedy Romantic Comedy

5 Don’t Look Up
Two low-level astronomers must go on a giant media tour to warn mankind of an approaching comet that will destroy planet Earth.
Comedy Disaster

6 The Privilege
A wealthy teen and his friends attending an elite private school uncover a dark conspiracy while looking into a series of strange supernatural events.
Horror Teens

7 Fistful of Vengeance
A revenge mission becomes a fight to save the world from an ancient threat when superpowered assassin Kai tracks a killer to Bangkok.
Action Hitman

8 Red Notice
An Interpol-issued Red Notice is a global alert to hunt and capture the world's most wanted. But when a daring heist brings together the FBI's top profiler and two rival criminals, there's no telling what will happen.
Action Treasure Hunt

9 Texas Chainsaw Massacre
After nearly 50 years of hiding, Leatherface returns to terrorize a group of idealistic young friends who accidentally disrupt his carefully shielded world in a remote Texas town.
Crime Slasher

10 Into The Wind
She graduated from a prestigious high school in Warsaw and entered medicine in London. He works as a kitesurfing instructor at the seaside, thanks to which he combines earning money and passion. They will meet in Hel. The unusual charm of the boy makes the girl exceed her limits and enter a completely unknown world of kitesurfing, music and fun. The feeling that arises between them does not please her family or his friends. Is Ania and Michal's relationship strong enough to overcome adversities and become more than just a holiday love?
Drama Teens