1 The Tinder Swindler
Posing as a wealthy, jet-setting diamond mogul, an Israeli conman wooed women online then conned them out of millions of dollars. Now some victims plan for payback.
Documentary Crime

2 Bigbug
Humans have ceded most tasks to AI in 2045, even in nostalgic Alice's home. So when robots stage a coup, her androids protectively lock her doors.
Science Fiction Sci-Fi Comedy

3 Tall Girl 2
After Jodi Kreyman gains popularity, her miscommunications start causing rifts with those around her and now she really needs to stand tall.
Comedy Teens

4 Through My Window
Raquel's longtime crush on her next-door neighbor turns into something more when he starts developing feelings for her, despite his family's objections.
Comedy Rom Com

5 The Privilege
A wealthy teen and his friends attending an elite private school uncover a dark conspiracy while looking into a series of strange supernatural events.
Horror Teens

6 Into The Wind
She graduated from a prestigious high school in Warsaw and entered medicine in London. He works as a kitesurfing instructor at the seaside, thanks to which he combines earning money and passion. They will meet in Hel. The unusual charm of the boy makes the girl exceed her limits and enter a completely unknown world of kitesurfing, music and fun. The feeling that arises between them does not please her family or his friends. Is Ania and Michal's relationship strong enough to overcome adversities and become more than just a holiday love?
Drama Teens

7 Fistful of Vengeance
A revenge mission becomes a fight to save the world from an ancient threat when superpowered assassin Kai tracks a killer to Bangkok.
Action Hitman

8 Don’t Look Up
Two low-level astronomers must go on a giant media tour to warn mankind of an approaching comet that will destroy planet Earth.
Comedy Disaster

9 Failure to Launch
Tripp, an attractive man in his thirties, is still living with his parents Al and Sue. Tripps best friends Demo and Ace are also still living in their parents homes and seem proud of it. Al and Sue are not happy, however, and are fascinated when friends whose adult son has recently moved away from home reveal they hired an expert to arrange the matter and couldnt be happier with the result.
Comedy Rom Com

10 Love Tactics
An ad executive and a fashion designer-blogger don't believe in love, so they place a bet to make the other fall head over heels - with unusual tactics.
Romance Relationship