1 Vikings: Valhalla
Dramatizes the legendary adventures of some of the most famous Vikings who ever lived – Leif Eriksson, Freydis Eriksdotter, Harald Hardrada and the Norman King William the Conqueror. These men and women will blaze a path as they fight for survival in the ever changing and evolving world.
History

2 Inventing Anna
A journalist with a lot to prove investigates the case of Anna Delvey, the Instagram-legendary German heiress who stole the hearts of New York’s social scene – and stole their money as well.
Drama Crime Drama

3 Pieces of Her
An act of violence rocks a sleepy Georgia town as well as the bond between a mother and her daughter.
Crime Crime Drama

4 One of Us is Lying
The story of what happens when five high schoolers walk into detention and only four make it out alive. Everyone is a suspect, and everyone has something to hide.
Crime Murder

5 Snowpiercer
Set more than seven years after the world has become a frozen wasteland, the remnants of humanity inhabit a gigantic, perpetually-moving train that circles the globe as class warfare, social injustice and the politics of survival play out.
Science Fiction Post Apocalypse

6 Money Heist
To carry out the biggest heist in history, a mysterious man called The Professor recruits a band of eight robbers who have a single characteristic: none of them has anything to lose. Five months of seclusion - memorizing every step, every detail, every probability - culminate in eleven days locked up in the National Coinage and Stamp Factory of Spain, surrounded by police forces and with dozens of hostages in their power, to find out whether their suicide wager will lead to everything or nothing.
Action Heist

7 Worst Roommate Ever
Violent scammers. Cold killers. These terrifying true stories are some of the right-wing cohabitation experiences one can ever imagine.
Documentary Crime

8 The Last Kingdom
A show of heroic deeds and epic battles with a thematic depth that embraces politics, religion, warfare, courage, love, loyalty and our universal search for identity. Combining real historical figures and events with fictional characters, it is the story of how a people combined their strength under one of the most iconic kings of history in order to reclaim their land for themselves and build a place they call home.
History Kings and Queens

9 The Witcher
The witcher Geralt, a mutated monster hunter, struggles to find his place in a world where people often prove more wicked than beasts. Based on Andrzej Sapkowski's Witcher Saga.
Fantasy Wizards

10 Guida astrologica per cuori infranti
Alice is heartbroken and hopelessly single. But after befriending a charismatic astrology guru, she looks to the stars to find her perfect match.
Comedy Rom Com