1 Inventing Anna
A journalist with a lot to prove investigates the case of Anna Delvey, the Instagram-legendary German heiress who stole the hearts of New York’s social scene – and stole their money as well.
Drama Crime Drama

2 Love is Blind
With no distractions from the outside world, the singles talk to a stream of potential love interests and when a meaningful connection is made, they propose and then lay their eyes on their fiancé for the first time. Engaged and back in the real world, as the couples plan their wedding day, they will quickly discover whether they can turn their emotional connection into a physical one before the fast-approaching ceremony.
Reality-Show Relationship

3 Sweet Magnolias
Lifelong friends Maddie, Helen and Dana Sue lift each other as they juggle relationships, family and careers in the small, Southern town of Serenity.
Drama Relationship

4 All of Us Are Dead
A zombie virus, which turns the infected violent, breaks out fast inside a school. Endangered students fight to survive and escape.
Horror Zombies

5 Ozark
A financial adviser drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder $500 million in five years to appease a drug boss.
Drama Gangsters

6 Raising Dion
A widowed mom sets out to solve the mystery surrounding her young son's emerging superpowers while keeping his extraordinary gifts under wraps.
Teens

7 jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy
An intimate portrait of global superstar Kanye West, featuring unseen archival footage from the last 21 years including, his career in music and fashion, the death of his mother, Donda West, and his failed 2020 presidential bid.
Documentary Musicians

8 Catching Killers
The investigators behind infamous serial killer cases reveal the harrowing, chilling details of their extraordinary efforts in this true crime series.
Documentary Serial Killer

9 CoComelon
In the town of Cocomelon, baby JJ and his siblings go on fun every-day adventures with nursery, play, exploration, and learning - situations that any preschooler could relate to. Fun, relatable stories set to toe-tapping songs.
Animation For Babies

10 The Woman in the House Across the Street from the Girl in the Window
For Anna, every day is the same. She sits with her wine, staring out the window, watching life go by without her. But when a handsome neighbor moves in across the street, Anna starts to see a light at the end of the tunnel. That is until she witnesses a gruesome murder… Or did she?
Crime Crime Comedy