1 Vikings: Valhalla
Dramatizes the legendary adventures of some of the most famous Vikings who ever lived – Leif Eriksson, Freydis Eriksdotter, Harald Hardrada and the Norman King William the Conqueror. These men and women will blaze a path as they fight for survival in the ever changing and evolving world.
History

2 Inventing Anna
A journalist with a lot to prove investigates the case of Anna Delvey, the Instagram-legendary German heiress who stole the hearts of New York’s social scene – and stole their money as well.
Drama Crime Drama

3 Love is Blind
With no distractions from the outside world, the singles talk to a stream of potential love interests and when a meaningful connection is made, they propose and then lay their eyes on their fiancé for the first time. Engaged and back in the real world, as the couples plan their wedding day, they will quickly discover whether they can turn their emotional connection into a physical one before the fast-approaching ceremony.
Reality-Show Relationship

4 Worst Roommate Ever
Violent scammers. Cold killers. These terrifying true stories are some of the right-wing cohabitation experiences one can ever imagine.
Documentary Crime

5 Sweet Magnolias
Lifelong friends Maddie, Helen and Dana Sue lift each other as they juggle relationships, family and careers in the small, Southern town of Serenity.
Drama Relationship

6 jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy
An intimate portrait of global superstar Kanye West, featuring unseen archival footage from the last 21 years including, his career in music and fashion, the death of his mother, Donda West, and his failed 2020 presidential bid.
Documentary Musicians

7 Ozark
A financial adviser drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder $500 million in five years to appease a drug boss.
Drama Gangsters

8 CoComelon
In the town of Cocomelon, baby JJ and his siblings go on fun every-day adventures with nursery, play, exploration, and learning - situations that any preschooler could relate to. Fun, relatable stories set to toe-tapping songs.
Animation For Babies

9 The Cuphead Show!
Follow the misadventures of the impulsive Cuphead and his cautious but persuadable brother Mugman in this animated series based on the hit video game.
Animation For Older Kids

10 Vikings: Valhalla
Dramatizes the legendary adventures of some of the most famous Vikings who ever lived – Leif Eriksson, Freydis Eriksdotter, Harald Hardrada and the Norman King William the Conqueror. These men and women will blaze a path as they fight for survival in the ever changing and evolving world.
History