1 Despicable Me 2
Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal.
Animated For Older Kids

2 The Tinder Swindler
Posing as a wealthy, jet-setting diamond mogul, an Israeli conman wooed women online then conned them out of millions of dollars. Now some victims plan for payback.
Documentary Crime

3 St. Vincent
A young boy whose parents just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic, bawdy, hedonistic, war veteran who lives next door.
Comedy

4 Tall Girl 2
After Jodi Kreyman gains popularity, her miscommunications start causing rifts with those around her and now she really needs to stand tall.
Comedy Teens

5 Despicable Me
​​In a happy suburban neighbourhood surrounded by white picket fences with flowering rose bushes, sits a black house with a dead lawn. Unbeknownst to the neighbours, hidden deep beneath this home is a vast secret hideout. Surrounded by an army of tireless, little yellow minions, we discover Gru, planning the biggest heist in the history of the world. He is going to steal the moon (Yes, the moon!) to prove to his Mum that he is better than the other super-villains, especially the new kid on the block, Vector. Gru delights in all things wicked. Armed with his arsenal of shrink rays, freeze guns and battle-ready vehicles for land and air, he vanquishes all who stand in his way. Until the day he encounters the immense will of three little orphaned girls who look at him and see something that no one else has ever seen: a potential dad.
Animated For Older Kids

6 Blackhat
A man is released from prison to help American and Chinese authorities pursue a mysterious cyber criminal. The dangerous search leads them from Chicago to Hong Kong.
Thriller Spies

7 The Hangover
When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry, they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they cant seem to locate their best friend, Doug -- whos supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug, the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time.
Comedy Roadtrip

8 The Kindness of Strangers
Clara and her two sons escape from her abusive husband with little more than their car and plan to start over in New York. After the car towed away, the family meets Alice, who gets them into an emergency shelter. While stealing food at a Russian restaurant called ‘Winter Palace’, Clara meets Marc, who has been given the chance to help the old eatery regain its former glory. The ‘Winter Palace’ soon becomes a place of unexpected encounters between people who are all undergoing some sort of crisis and whom fate has now brought together.
Drama

9 Fistful of Vengeance
A revenge mission becomes a fight to save the world from an ancient threat when superpowered assassin Kai tracks a killer to Bangkok.
Action Hitman

10 Texas Chainsaw Massacre
After nearly 50 years of hiding, Leatherface returns to terrorize a group of idealistic young friends who accidentally disrupt his carefully shielded world in a remote Texas town.
Crime Slasher