1 Pieces of Her
An act of violence rocks a sleepy Georgia town as well as the bond between a mother and her daughter.
Crime Crime Drama

2 Inventing Anna
A journalist with a lot to prove investigates the case of Anna Delvey, the Instagram-legendary German heiress who stole the hearts of New York’s social scene – and stole their money as well.
Drama Crime Drama

3 Worst Roommate Ever
Violent scammers. Cold killers. These terrifying true stories are some of the right-wing cohabitation experiences one can ever imagine.
Documentary Crime

4 Love is Blind
With no distractions from the outside world, the singles talk to a stream of potential love interests and when a meaningful connection is made, they propose and then lay their eyes on their fiancé for the first time. Engaged and back in the real world, as the couples plan their wedding day, they will quickly discover whether they can turn their emotional connection into a physical one before the fast-approaching ceremony.
Reality-Show Relationship

5 The Last Kingdom
A show of heroic deeds and epic battles with a thematic depth that embraces politics, religion, warfare, courage, love, loyalty and our universal search for identity. Combining real historical figures and events with fictional characters, it is the story of how a people combined their strength under one of the most iconic kings of history in order to reclaim their land for themselves and build a place they call home.
History Kings and Queens

6 Vikings: Valhalla
Dramatizes the legendary adventures of some of the most famous Vikings who ever lived – Leif Eriksson, Freydis Eriksdotter, Harald Hardrada and the Norman King William the Conqueror. These men and women will blaze a path as they fight for survival in the ever changing and evolving world.
History

7 Lies and Deceit
A literature teacher suspects that a well-respected surgeon has drugged her and begins a legal case against him.
Mystery Sex

8 CoComelon
In the town of Cocomelon, baby JJ and his siblings go on fun every-day adventures with nursery, play, exploration, and learning - situations that any preschooler could relate to. Fun, relatable stories set to toe-tapping songs.
Animation For Babies

9 jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy
An intimate portrait of global superstar Kanye West, featuring unseen archival footage from the last 21 years including, his career in music and fashion, the death of his mother, Donda West, and his failed 2020 presidential bid.
Documentary Musicians

10 Good Girls
Three good girl suburban wives and mothers suddenly find themselves in desperate circumstances and decide to stop playing it safe and risk everything to take their power back.
Comedy Dramedy